Update internals section index and source code doc (#1192)
python/devguide: internals/exploring.rst

Source code layout
==================

For a Python :term:`module`, the typical layout is:

* :file:`Lib/{<module>}.py`
* :file:`Modules/_{<module>}.c` (if there's also a C accelerator module)
* :file:`Lib/test/test_{<module>}.py`
* :file:`Doc/library/{<module>}.rst`

For an :term:`extension module`, the typical layout is:

* :file:`Modules/{<module>}module.c`
* :file:`Lib/test/test_{<module>}.py`
* :file:`Doc/library/{<module>}.rst`

For :ref:`bltin-types`, the typical layout is:

* :file:`Objects/{<builtin>}object.c`
* :file:`Lib/test/test_{<builtin>}.py`
* :cpy-file:`Doc/library/stdtypes.rst`

For :ref:`built-in-funcs`, the typical layout is:

* :cpy-file:`Python/bltinmodule.c`
* :cpy-file:`Lib/test/test_builtin.py`
* :cpy-file:`Doc/library/functions.rst`

Some exceptions to these layouts are:

* built-in type ``int`` is at :cpy-file:`Objects/longobject.c`
* built-in type ``str`` is at :cpy-file:`Objects/unicodeobject.c`
* built-in module ``sys`` is at :cpy-file:`Python/sysmodule.c`
* built-in module ``marshal`` is at :cpy-file:`Python/marshal.c`
* Windows-only module ``winreg`` is at :cpy-file:`PC/winreg.c`

Additional references
=====================

> For over 30 years, the CPython code base has been changing and evolving.

Reviewer: In a few years, we'll have to change it to _"For over 40 years"_. How about:

```suggestion
The CPython code base is constantly changing and evolving.
```
